Update README to reflect repository status (#269)
Azure/modern-web-app-pattern-dotnet: README.md

> **This repository is archived and no longer actively maintained.** It remains available in read-only mode for reference.
>

> > For recommendations and best practices for modernizing your applications, we recommend [GitHub Copilot app modernization](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/github-copilot-app-modernization/).

Author: ```suggestion
> For recommendations and best practices for modernizing your applications, we recommend [GitHub Copilot modernization](https://aka.ms/ghcp-modernization).
```
